Son, even if I except to marry my lame sister
We are still Thanh Long Truc Ma.
What about you?
What can you give him?
If you choose to isolate your sister, you are not qualified to say such words.
I'm lucky I didn't marry you.
Because you don't deserve it.
I don't deserve it.
What place do you find yourself in your married heart?
You're just a tool for his sisters.
What He Wants You Can Never Give Him
Grandmother, we will inherit this after we eat.
Why not stay for two more days?
That's it, our company.
There's a bit of a problem with the process of launching a newly developed game.
I'd like to get back to work.
Rest assured mother-in-law
I'll come back to visit you often.
All right.
Is there a serious problem?
It's okay, I can handle it.
Yeon-yeon, we're here.
What am I here to eat?
Would you like to meet my best friends?
They're all my business partners.
What name?